README.md, before:

# Budget RF Lab

Build a RF lab on a budget,  for homebrewers. This repository is intended to be a `Systemization of Knowledge (SoK)` set.

It is organized as below,
- Equipment list: If you'd like to contribute for your geography or language please create the appropriate markdown file. As an example we have [English version for India](en_in.md).
- [FLOSS Tools](FLOSS_Tools.md): Has all the tools for you to be able to use them.
- [Projects](Projects.md): Has a list of projects that can get you started.
- [RF Parts](RFParts.md): A list of useful hacker parts for RF communications projects.

## Check for your country

| Geography | Language | Link              |
|-----------|----------|-------------------|
| India     | English  | [en_in](en_in.md) |
| Türkiye   | Turkish  | [tr-tr](tr-tr.md) |

## Credits

- Folks from the [HAMBREWERS group on Telegram](https://t.me/+TwzGyKGe8_QI_B3y)

- https://voidstarsec.com/hw-hacking-lab/vss-lab-guide

- VU2ESE - Ashhar Farhan spoke about starting out home-brewing at LARC 2024.

- R2BDY - Roman

- VU2TNA - Sanal Kumar G

## Contributors

- VU3CER - Dhiru

- VU3GLJ - Bharath

- TA1ANW - Buğra

## References

- https://github.com/kholia/HF-Balcony-Antenna-System

- https://github.com/kholia/talks/

- https://www.kk5jy.net/three-wire-gp/

- https://www.pa0fri.com/ (active receiving antenna)

Commit message:

Added Schematic Sources, and some Projects of mine

README.md, after:

# Budget RF Lab

Build a RF lab on a budget,  for homebrewers. This repository is intended to be a `Systemization of Knowledge (SoK)` set.

It is organized as below,
- Equipment list: If you'd like to contribute for your geography or language please create the appropriate markdown file. As an example we have [English version for India](en_in.md).
- [FLOSS Tools](FLOSS_Tools.md): Has all the tools for you to be able to use them.
- [Projects](Projects.md): Has a list of projects that can get you started.
- [RF Parts](RFParts.md): A list of useful hacker parts for RF communications projects.
- [Schematic Sources](SchematicSources.md): Links to useful websites with schematics for amateur radio projects and ideas.

## Check for your country

| Geography | Language | Link              |
|-----------|----------|-------------------|
| India     | English  | [en_in](en_in.md) |
| Türkiye   | Turkish  | [tr-tr](tr-tr.md) |

## Credits

- Folks from the [HAMBREWERS group on Telegram](https://t.me/+TwzGyKGe8_QI_B3y)

- https://voidstarsec.com/hw-hacking-lab/vss-lab-guide

- VU2ESE - Ashhar Farhan spoke about starting out home-brewing at LARC 2024.

- R2BDY - Roman

- VU2TNA - Sanal Kumar G

## Contributors

- VU3CER - Dhiru

- VU3GLJ - Bharath

- TA1ANW - Buğra

## References

- https://github.com/kholia/HF-Balcony-Antenna-System

- https://github.com/kholia/talks/

- https://www.kk5jy.net/three-wire-gp/

- https://www.pa0fri.com/ (active receiving antenna)
